Development workflow and docker run (#64)
LangStream/documentation: building-applications/development-workflow.md

You can also use the VSCode extension to create and manage applications on a local or remote cluster.

This approach works well if you need to use a cloud enviroment or a SaaS service or if you need to leverage some advanced features like scaling or resource management.

A simpler approach is to run the whole application or single agents locally using a docker container. This is a great way to get started with LangStream and to test your agents. When your code is ready you can deploy the application to a remote cluster.

### Running your application on docker

Using the [LangStream CLI](../installation/langstream-cli.md) you can run your application directly:

```bash
 langstream docker run super-cool-app -app ./application  -s ./secrets.yaml
```

In this case the instance.yaml file is optional, if you don't provide it, the CLI will use a default configuration.
The CLI starts a docker container, using the official LangStream docker images, of the same version of the CLI.

> The container by defaults runs all the LangStream components, a Kafka Broker and a S3 service (using Minio).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The container by default runs all the LangStream components, a Kafka Broker, and an S3 service (using Minio).
```

This is ideal for testing your application locally.

The docker container exposes the Control Plane on the default port (8090) and the API Gateway on the default port (8091),

> this way you can run most of the CLI commands against the local container, especially the commands to interact with the gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so you can run most of the CLI commands against the local container, especially the commands to interact with the API Gateway.
```

> When you kill the application with Ctrl-C the environment is automatically disposed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you kill the application with Ctrl-C, the environment is automatically disposed of.
```

> If you need to persist your topics or the S3 environment then you have to build your own instance.yaml file and pass it using the "-i" flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to persist your topics or the S3 environment, then you have to build your own instance.yaml file and pass it using the "-i" flag.
```

Please refer to the [LangStream Docker](../installation/docker.md) documentation for more details about the "docker run" command.

### Running your application on a cluster

Using the [LangStream CLI](../installation/langstream-cli.md), a typical workflow is:

1.  Configure the CLI to connect to the remote cluster and set the tenant.
    If you are using a local minikube cluster, then this is not necessary, you can use the default configuration.

>     If you are using a remote cluster, you have to configure the credentails, the tenant name and the control plane address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are using a remote cluster, you have to configure the credentials, the tenant name, and the control plane address.
```

> 2.  When ready, the developer deploys their application 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  When ready, deploy your application:
```

    ```bash
    langstream apps deploy super-cool-app -app ./application -i ./instance.yaml  -s ./secrets.yaml
    ```

> 3.  Watch the progress of the deployment by watching the logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  Watch the progress of the deployment by watching the logs:
```
